🎇FEATURES AND TASKS OF THIS APP.🛒 -->"FRONT-END"💻 

!Tech stack used here...-
(React,Redux/Redux-Toolkit,React-Query,React-icons,React-router,CSS Modules)

1. Toggle dropdown menu on Click. ✅
2. Routes of each navbar items.✅ 
3. Best seller route and page on showmore click.✅ 
4. Setting One product page for different links and show details as per the route params✅ 
5. Blog route.✅ 
6. Favourites page and logic of adding and showing Favourites products there✅ 
(and also dummy front when no favourites are
added ).✅ 
7. Social Media Links ✅ 
8. Searching products and taking it to that
route of searched category✅ 
9. Adding item to cart.✅ 
10. Incrementing and decrementing quantity of Products .✅ 
11. Changing price as per the quantity.✅ 
12. Popup when a user sends his/her email from footer.✅ 
13. Adding red dot on cart logo when user add something in cart
and removing it when all items are out of cart✅ 
14. Adding route links on CatalogueDiv links.✅ 
15. Remove item from cart.✅ 
16. Remove item from fav list when it is added to bag.✅ 
17. When removing last quantity of that product then remove that whole product from cart.✅ 
18. Total removal of product from final bag and favourite cart ✅ 
19. Showing more products on page numbers click.✅ 
20.Range selection drag filter and its working.✅ 
21. Filtering process(type selection,search term,range selection).✅ 
22. When clicked on a product , it's whole page should open up with it's data.. and also all the
functionalities(add-to-cart,favourite-toggle) 
23. Product info page's button should also change their action as per the data like->when the product is in
favourite cart then , add to fav button should not work .. likewise also when we
clicked add-to-cart button then we should get re-directed to cart page when
clicked on that button again.. ✅ 
24. Small v.1 functionality of checking/toggling pincode in productinfo page.✅ 
25. Show nice popup when item is added to fav list , when added to bag and when order is placed ✅
26. Show loading spinner/text/pop-up when page is not fully loaded. ✅
27. Removing Items once order is Placed. ✅
28. Data must be saved and everything should be shown as per that (like
saved fav's , added products in bag ). ✅
29. Lazy loading for speed optimization.
30. Responsive design( Mobile first ).
31. Login/Sign-up functionality(front-end-part)✅ 
32. User dashboard page.✅
33. Update Password.✅
34. Update Account Data(name,email etc).cart✅
35. Allowing to perform main(secure route)features only when user is loggedin(with jwt token).✅
36. My-orders functionality and dedicated page. ✅